React Js is Js Library for Creating UI Design.
It is used for creating Single Page Application(SPA).

It is Component Based Architecture. ( Reusable Piece of Code ) - Custom HTML element

Q.Why React is needed in place of Js?
Js is used for Imperative Approach ( How to do ) 
and React is used for Declarative Approach ( What to do )

It changes the Content Dynamically without reloading the page.

React Alternative - Angular, Vue

-- React Components -- 
It is reusuable piece of code which can be used in multiple places.

Q.Why React is Component Based Architecture?
1- increase the reusability of code
2- Easy to maintain
3- Don't Repeat Yourself (DRY)
4- Increase readability
5- Seperation of Concerns ( SoC )

jsx - java script xml
package.json - It contains all the dependcies & Details of the Project.

-- Working --
1- when page is loaded index.js is execute first ( Entry Point ).
2- In index.html file we have div with id root.
3- In index.js file we have ReactDOM.render() method which is used to render the component in the root div.
4- In index.js we use App.js component which is used to render the component in the root div.

index.js -> index.html -> root div -> react root -> App.js -> Render HTML

jsx is HTML code written in js file.
className is used bcoz class is already reserved keyword in js.
code written in jsx file is not valid js code.
js code is written in jsx file is converted into js code by babel.

npm start - Changes the user-defined code into browser understandable code.

naming of component should be in PascalCase ( First Letter of Every Word is Capital ).

There should be one root component in the application.
and every component should be having closing tag.

-- Props -- 
Props are used to pass the data from one component to another component.
props.children - It is used to access the data between the opening and closing tag of the component.
Example :         <Item name={response[0].itemName}>hello</Item>
for above example {props.children} will be hello.

